---
title: "Film, TV, and What To Do Next?"
published: "11-04-2023"
---
I recently finished watching *Better Call Saul*. **SPOILERS AHEAD.** I thought the Jimmy and Kim plot was awesome all the way up until the ending. Of course, for Breaking Bad to make sense they had to break up by the end of the Better Call Saul timeline. But given that we got snippets of Gene throughout the show I expected them to get back together and have some kind of a happy ending. I guess the end is sort of like that but at the same time Jimmy will be in prison for decades so how can their relationship possibly work.

I get that it's a drama and a dark show but seriously it wouldn't be the worst thing in the world if the only romance plot in the whole show actually got a cheerful resolution. The ending felt very rushed, and Gene starting scams again felt really out of place. In the span of I think it was 4 episodes we're introduced to three brand new characters. Then Gene/Saul/Jimmy go to trial and somehow turn a life + 150 year sentence into 7 years? It just felt unrealistic. Yes Jimmy is a great lawyer in the show but he's not a magician.

Enough about the ending though, it just sucks that it kind of spoiled what was a fantastic series. Nacho, Lalo, Hector, the twins - all 10/10 characters. Lalo especially was super cool. Although he really messed up at the end somehow letting a 40+ year old Gus move fast enough to kick out a power cord before he could shoot him, despite the fact that Lalo had just smoked 6 of Gus's guards in like 2 seconds.

Nacho Varga. Nacho was absolutely awesome. I wish there had been more scenes of him and Jimmy because I thought they had great chemistry. When Nacho dies was the saddest I was for any death. But at the same time I thought his death fit him. And his escape from the Salamancas in Mexico were some of the best scenes in the entire show. There's more to say but I don't want this blog post to get huge.

I also watched Platoon the other night. I really enjoyed the movie, but when I read that it won 4 Oscars, including Best Picture, I was surprised. **SPOILERS.** It just didn't leave that big of an impression on me. The character development, outside of maybe Elias, felt pretty rushed. The entire plot is basically just 3 fights in the jungle that all feel pretty much the exact same. Charlie Sheen's narration felt really shallow as well, like he was just saying a bunch of war cliche's without any substance. Sgt. Elias's death scene was awesome though. Him running from the NVA, riddled with bullets, while the chopper above makes passes shooting the NVA and Pvt Taylor sees Barnes's expression and knows he killed him.

Barnes shooting Elias was another great scene. I thought Willem Dafoe was just great in this movie in general, but his facial expressions when he realizes Barnes is going to shoot him in the jungle are top notch. The makeup in this movie was quality as well. Barnes's scar was absolutely mental but looked real. I wish we had got more scenes of Barnes being a lunatic, he kind of reminds me of a less composed Captain Willard from Apocalypse Now.

Anyway, I have no other side projects left to work on, I'm not quite sure what to do programming-wise. I really want to get into mobile development. I'm just waiting for an idea to come to me. I'm thinking of writing java zombies in Swift and trying to release it on the app store. At the same time, I want to make something new. We shall see.