---
title: "The Boston Celtics are the Best Team in the NBA, and More"
published: 2024-03-02
---
At this point in the regular season the Boston Celtics appear to be the best team in the entire NBA. As of their win against Dallas in Boston last night, they are sitting at the top of the East at 47-12 and currently on a 10 game win streak. They have been by far the most consistently dominant team on both ends of the floor, with the #1 ORTG and #4 DRTG. It is a fantastic time to be a Celtics fan right now. Simply put, there is not a team in the NBA that I don't think the Celtics could beat in a 7 game series and frankly I don't see any other team outside of the Denver Nuggets and a healthy Clippers team even going to 7 games against the Celtics.

Jaylen Brown is playing the best basketball of his career this season. He looks absolutely locked in on both offense and defense. He is making excellent reads and showing a lot of playmaking skill that we have never really seen from him. The addition of Kristaps Porzingus I think helped him a lot to unlock a new level for him offensively. Jayson Tatum I would say has been playing the best basketball of his career for the last 3 years pretty consistently, so there isn't really anything new there. He is just extremely consistent and contributes whatever is needed to win, sometimes that means scoring 35, sometimes its locking in on defense and rebounding, and sometimes its facilitating for the 4 other all star caliber players on the court. The Celtics' talent in their top 6 is just astounding. No other team can match it.

They've got a tough stretch coming up playing the Warriors, Suns twice, Cavaliers, and Nuggets, but with the way they are playing I would not at all be surprised if the Celtics win out. After those games they play the Bucks and from then on they have some very easy opponents, which should give the players ample rest to close out the season.

I'm still studying Spanish, however I have recently become disillusioned with Duolingo. I just don't think its a great way to learn Spanish. Maybe for other languages it is better but for Spanish its just too slow. I have been doing one or two lessons then testing out of a section. Granted, I learned Spanish in a formal setting in high school for 6 years, but I think a beginner would be better off watching a YouTube series on basic Spanish grammar, sentence structure, pronunciation, and vocabulary and from there get into more advanced grammar subjects and of course lots of reading, listening, and speaking.